(intro music)
Hello everybody!
Today, let's take care of essential Korean cooking ingredient.
What could it be?
Sesame seeds~
(laughs)
I'm going to show you how to toast Korean sesame seeds.
I always toast my own sesame seeds at home.
If you are busy,
you can buy already pre-made toasted sesame seeds at Korean grocery store.
But you never know when was it toasted,
that's important.
I'm kind of picky about my sesame seeds.
Whenever I travel for long period,
I have to cook my Korean food.
I toast my sesame seeds.
Sprinkling my sesame seeds
make all the dish, Korean especially, some vegetable side dish delicious.
We have to choose raw, dried sesame seeds.
One cup.
Cold water.
I'm going to wash more.
Use your hand like this.
Looks cleaner than before.
And lift.
Look at that!
You see, this dust sank to the bottom.
I'll show you this.
So we are going to drain this and toast!
Look at this, guys.
I burnt this tip,
I always use for my sesame seeds because this is a harsh job.
I have several wooden spoons,
but this guy always I'm using whenever I toast my sesame seeds.
Soldiers medal. (laughs)
Let's turn on the stove.
Over medium high heat.
Stirring on and off occasionally, you don't have to keep stirring
for around ten minutes,
until all the sesame seeds dried.
And then, you will hear the sound, like a popping sound.
A lot of steam is coming up, right?
All our sesame seeds are so clean.
My sesame seeds are getting plump and plump!
So, even sound is different.
Can you see this?
Some sesame seeds are jumping.
Okay, it's time to
lower the heat,
medium heat.
Wowow, big jump.
It's a popping sound, sesame popping sound.
Try to crush this.
Crush this with your finger.
Yeah, but we need more.
Right, so easily it has to be really crispy.
Color is a little darkened, right?
Than before.
This is toasted enough or not,
just you can taste a little bit.
Mmm.
Done.
Really nutty, so let's turn off.
So we toasted sesame seeds,
let this cool down.
This is raw dried sesame seeds,
and toasted sesame seeds, what it look like.
So this is toasted,
this is untoasted, raw.
Crush.
Great smell.
See?
This guy,
let's try.
See, you cannot do that, right?
These guys are going to be used
for all my Korean side dishes
Just a sprinkling here and there.
Sesame seeds~
I usually put it in the airtight jar.
And then,
lid this.
Today, we made toasted sesame seeds!
So, one cup of toasted sesame seeds.
In Korea, we tease newlywed couple,
you know the newlywed couple is they all get along well, they have each other, they love each other.
When we meet the newlywed couple,
"Oh, I know that you guys' real life is
like full of sesame seeds these days."
Sesame seeds.
The sesame seeds means toasted sesame seeds.
Right?
Oh, I forgot to tell you, I have another reason why I show you how to toast sesame seeds.
In my next video, I'm going to show you how to make Korean sesame candy.
Enjoy my recipe.
See you next time!
Bye~!